MBS-10559 maven central publication (#788)
avito-tech/avito-android: docs/content/internals/Release.md

This branch must be persistent. It is used for automation.
1. Manually run [Integration build](http://links.k.avito.ru/ZA) on the `release branch`.
1. Manually run [Github publish configuration](http://links.k.avito.ru/releaseAvitoTools) on the `release branch`.

> 1. Verify and close staging repo on [nexus](https://oss.sonatype.org/#stagingRepositories). See `Maven central publishing reference article` below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify and close staging repo on [nexus](https://oss.sonatype.org/#stagingRepositories). See [Maven central publishing reference article](https://getstream.io/blog/publishing-libraries-to-mavencentral-2021/)
```

> 1. Verify and close staging repo on [nexus](https://oss.sonatype.org/#stagingRepositories). See `Maven central publishing reference article` below

Reviewer: This is a long article with lots of details. 
As next steps, It'd good to extract exact steps in a "How to" manner.
